I'm going to give you a taste of being tied up
Then the taste of being beaten
Hello, Sister Lu
Lilia has been rescued
OK, got it.
Okay, Liliai has been rescued
That's good Jiang Road
You were lucky to escape a bullet today
That's your luck.
Otherwise, your legs will be broken.
Don't be complacent
Sooner or later we will have a war
Otherwise, do you think I am the most powerful title in history?
How did it come about?
I'll be there later than you
Okay, stop talking
Let's give that Captain Song a gift together.
What's going on?
I'm sorry, Sister Ling
I don't know how they know about this place.
of
Hello
Captain what
Lily was also rescued
Whoever falls into the place, I will definitely not forgive him.
I was played by them.
That's terrible.